With the elements being fetched here in order to use them in my app just fall I need to import them
therefore or import them from my elements class file.
Now I could import them by using parentheses or as the curly braces here and that I could import Allaman
to web or box and so on.
And I think you're where you'll where this is leading writers would be annoying.
So instead of me using the syntax very import everything as elements let's say
from in a yes and I'm done.
Now I'm getting a new object elements which will hold Boob's all those elements here.
So it will kind of group all those elements together in one single object that can access them as properties
in this object.
Have a look at the much old section where I also explain this.
If this is unclear to you so that I have access to all my elements and therefore I can use my elements
object here to then access my allemande Terje then sell the button on which the user can click here
but then add an event listener to this like so of course I want to listen to a click event and I want
to do something well once the user clicks on it.
I want to execute a function which is a whole search whatever.
Now I could also create a new module for does search function.
And then what be fine.
But for now I'm going to place it in this search or it does app chest fall but you of course are free
to change and this might be a good exercise to modularize.
this code even more.
I'm going to find the right balance here between while showing code in one file and using the modular
approach which of course is great to use especially in real applications.
And so here I'll create my search Weber function which should get executed once the user clicks the
button to see if this works.
Let's just open an alert will we say click and then once is reloaded if you click on show whenever.
Well we see that doesn't work.
So something went wrong.
Let's see what it is.
Well unfortunately that's problem really annoying.
I hate to see the muchall section these imports here.
The Tresor imports here don't work.
So that's too bad.
It has to be replaced with import from Google duds.
Get her that IO slash Tresor compiler slash been slashed research chess.
So the length you're seeing right here if you use this import and of course the still use to system
chess import that this all right doesn't have to be replaced in my case here.
Also there is a mistake.
The chips fall in a chair.
Of course it needs to be elements Chaz.
So that was just a little mistake on my site with that additional work.
I'm really sorry about that.
Especially this important thing is really annoying.
I had it work sometimes sometimes it doesn't.
If you were getting error makes errors make sure to use this import here.
If we're getting arrows with System js to Google for a system check acedia and grab a link from there
to get a better acedia.
But it should work.
The first one was the annoying one though.
So if that digital work elements chest here of course instead of in a chest.
And now if you click this button we see the clicked alert.
With that we hopefully should get to go and we get our working eventless snow here.
So that's great.